remove your brows as I've done in my
Edward Scissorhands video then take
white cream pigment and rub it through
your face and neck you don't need to
worry about your eye area
next take scar wax and build up what
will look like crusty sort of crud on
the side of your mouth a little bit
between your brows and also some on your
forehead this is the green bit that
people juice has on his face
next take a sealer and just go over top
of the wax you've just put on your face
this just helps it to kind of look a bit
more shiny and crusty and it helps last
longer as well then take a deep plum a
purple cream color or eye shadow and
blend it around the eyes in big circle
shapes you don't have to be neat and
tidy it can be pre messy pretty greasy
looking so don't even think about
powdering
just smear it in then take a darker
shade preferably a black and just work
it into the Centers of the eyes so just
in the inner corners and outwards about
halfway across this will just add depth
next take a brown cream either
foundation or clean pigment and draw
lines in the last lines and throughout
the mustache to appear like facial hair
you can also draw lines on the forehead
to make it look more of a CD then take a
stippling brush and take the same brown
pigment as well as some blue pigment and
just stipple along where the beard is so
you kind of give yourself five o'clock
shadow next take a blending brush and
just blend out all the contouring lines
you got it again it doesn't have to be
neat and tidy pretty messy dirty job
will do the trick
after you've done the blending take a
finer brush and just deepen some of the
lines on the forehead a little bit
further
next take a dark purple e brown shade
and just deepen the lip so you're just
putting kind of filth look on the middle
of the inner lips so you're working it
right in at the crease and in the sides
and leaving kind of the outer top and
bottom edges alone then take a black eye
pencil and just go through the waterline
on the top and bottom of your eyes this
just makes your eye whites look bit
brighter next you want to fill the green
crud on your face so just take a green
pigment as well as a slightly lighter
green eyeshadow blend them together and
just work them into the wax that you put
on the face earlier so you're just
stippling it on top and gently blending
it but just don't be too rough because
you don't want to peel it off
next just play with your hair I've
pinned mine up kind of backwards into
little strands towards the front so
messy is great the Messier the better
and then just take some white spray and
run it through your hair as well as on
the forehead to make the forehead appear
a little bit more receding then I'm
taking here some yellow and greenish
pigments and just running them through
the hairline simply because the shop was
out of the green hairspray that I wanted
and the yellows though I'm just
improvising you can get spray if that's
easier then takes more black and just
sharpen around the mouth so you're just
making the crease look a little bit
deeper and dirtier just work it into the
corners of the mouth and the last step
of course is some filthy dirty teeth
these aren't quite what I wanted but
it's the closest thing I could find for
now so just put in a gross pair of teeth
and away you go so there's the finished
look for beetlejuice
I hope you enjoyed please subscribe to
my channel and we will see you next time
thanks for watching
you